cliserver
=========
A libevent-based server that handles simple commands from multiple clients.
Created while learning to use libevent, this is intended to help alleviate the
relative dearth of libevent sample code.  See the reasonably-well-commented
source code for additional information, and feel free to borrow the macros at
the beginning of cliserver.c (though if you think they're useful, credit would
be appreciated).

This code has been tested not to leak memory or file descriptors under a
variety of conditions using valgrind.

Note that evbuffer_readline() is a potential source of denial of service, as it
does an O(n) scan for a newline character each time it is called.  One solution
would be checking the length of the buffer and dropping the connection if the
buffer exceeds some limit (dropping the data is less desirable, as the client
is clearly not speaking our protocol anyway).  Another (more ideal) solution
would be starting the newline search at the end of the existing buffer.  The
server won't crash with really long lines within the limits of system RAM
(tested using lines up to 1GB in length), it just runs slowly.

Clients connect to the server on port 14310, allowing them to run the following
commands:

 * echo:	Print the command line.
 * help:	Print a list of commands and their descriptions.
 * info:	Print connection information.
 * quit:	Disconnect from the server.
 * kill:	Shut down the server.

A sample client interaction:

    > help
    echo:	Prints the command line.
    help:	Prints a list of commands and their descriptions.
    info:	Prints connection information.
    quit:	Disconnects from the server.
    kill:	Shuts down the server.
    > info
    Client address: ::1
    Client port: 60642
    > echo This is just a simple test program.
    This is just a simple test program.
    > quit
    
Compiling cliserver
-------------------
Compile the server with `make`, run it with `./cliserver`.  Connect to the
server using netcat: `nc localhost 14310`.

This example should work with either libevent 1.x or libevent 2.x.

Copyright
---------
(C)2010 Mike Bourgeous, licensed under 2-clause BSD
